DOCS-1221: Update SLAM map image for view map page updates (#2147)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/services/slam/_index.md

SLAM is an important area of ongoing research in robotics, particularly for mobile applications such as drones, boats, and rovers.

The Viam SLAM service supports the integration of SLAM as a service on your robot.

> You can conduct SLAM with data collected live by a [RPlidar](/modular-resources/examples/rplidar/) or with LIDAR data you provide in configuration, and easily view the map you build on your **Location** page's **SLAM library** tab:

Author: ```suggestion
You can conduct SLAM with data collected live by a [RPlidar](/modular-resources/examples/rplidar/) or with LIDAR data you provide in configuration, and easily view the map you build on the **SLAM library** tab of your location's page in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com):
```

> You can conduct SLAM with data collected live by a [RPlidar](/modular-resources/examples/rplidar/) or with LIDAR data you provide in configuration, and easily view the map you build on the **SLAM library** tab of your location's page in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com):

Author: @EshaMaharishi Is this change ok/accurate? The old image had the old UI font and was Control tab view, figured this would be better. Got the map from Vijay!

Reviewer: This looks fine! But would you mind using this image of the whole office map? https://drive.google.com/file/d/1E8gyd2svIIdQ-idON6Hv1rGv97EqoUhH/view?usp=drive_link

Author: @EshaMaharishi No problem, done!
